Lauren Anderson: Money.
Lauren Anderson: Shirt.
Lauren Anderson: Pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so we've got I'm going to open up a note and you everything subtle comfortable got hydration dogs settled in and comfy.
Lauren Anderson: Yep.
Lauren Anderson: I, not really, you know, I've never really seen that. Well, um,
Lauren Anderson: So there's a point to that I'm a little tired.
Lauren Anderson: I can. That was even the conclusion of the draw.
lumpy tired.
Lauren Anderson: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours have you been getting over the last couple of days.
Lauren Anderson: Um, last one that got
Lauren Anderson: About two and a half hours or two hours and 15 minutes to be exact.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for a while we were seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe even six hours, we were starting to see some sleep coming back.
Lauren Anderson: Most right
Lauren Anderson: Still that way most nights.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so these last couple nights.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think's changed what what context is changing.
Lauren Anderson: I think stressing about coming to meetings. It's my to complete stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if that wasn't going on. So if you didn't have to stress about coming to meetings you think that then your mind will be free.
Lauren Anderson: No, no, about that. I mean I got, I got a lot of issues, but that's like most present, you know,
Lauren Anderson: In impending
Lauren Anderson: Kind of thing.
Lauren Anderson: I'm having a hard time shut my mind off to not
Lauren Anderson: Worry dread. Okay, inviting
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it as a not knowing whether it's the old one meaning group being around people, because that's waxed and waned. There's been kind of an excitement about it, enjoying seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself there almost wanting more of them. And then I watched last week, a little different wasn't quite the same almost like that anxiety came back that social Pete that
Gwenevere Abriel: Social anxiety part
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it feel like that to like for a moment. It felt good. And then this new week came and now there's it's back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't really want to go.
Lauren Anderson: No, that'd be want to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's not that. Is it more about still are our leftover stuff between you and I do you think it's really more about that.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, that's completely
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what do you think got
Gwenevere Abriel: Not said that still
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if it's not hurting and maybe it's like, well, I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop or essentially Gwen's going to do this like
Lauren Anderson: What's the big really want to be able to open up to my counselor and
Lauren Anderson: I expressed my desire to
Lauren Anderson: seek treatment from a different therapists and use personal information things might pass as your reasoning for why I couldn't. And after him. The first thing I heard from you guys. Was it. Don't worry, you won't take it personally.
Lauren Anderson: You know not everyone gets long
Lauren Anderson: Um,
Lauren Anderson: It just seems like an unnecessary additive to, you know, I've already got like issues. I want to work through and the fact that there's this whole new
Lauren Anderson: can of worms is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just I'm with you. I follow I follow. So the only part are you open to that there might still be a missing piece that I just want to be able to communicate. Just this one part two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible, there's just one piece that you might still be missing in my explanation because I've listened. You've said that a couple of times and I still get the sense, the purpose of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its intent is still missing, like I haven't been good at explaining it to you why we're still working together. Like why would a therapist do that like I still don't think I've done a good job of explaining it. Are you open to hearing my I'm going to try again.
Lauren Anderson: I felt from the beginning. We have we've kind of had a
Lauren Anderson: We're not really in sync understanding each other, you've misunderstood me several times and you using the phrasing to what I'm hearing is and
Lauren Anderson: And usually it's not and i know i tend to ramble on but I feel like I don't know. And it sounds like it's maybe a mutual like I'm not hearing and understanding you your intention with your words, either. So maybe it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's address it in current moment now I feel optimistic and excited and curious and
Gwenevere Abriel: I care because I think I have this little piece of information this insight into what's going on. I think I'm very privileged to have this bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I I hear the other part, which is this disconnect is what is pronounced. But notice, earlier I asked a kind of asking permission, I want to explain why, like I'm still working with you. Are you open to maybe. There's a piece missing.
Lauren Anderson: Why you put put me into a corner. The basically made me stay why want to explain that. Is that what you mean.
Lauren Anderson: You know I'm continuing to be my therapist, in spite of what what you end the doctor said, when I first started with right heart health. It's a double speak but some it's two different messages. So yeah, I would like to understand your reasoning.
Lauren Anderson: Grappling with a better thing to describe it. But it really does feel a form of like fascism thing pushing me into the corner. I don't feel like it's a choice anymore and I too am optimistic. I know you care. And I know you want to help me um
Gwenevere Abriel: So right right right there, let's do, let's do it.
Lauren Anderson: But I i'm I'm 100% sure that I'm not comfortable in providing any more personal details about my life to you, period.
Lauren Anderson: Not today, not next week. I really need. I need a different therapist. I've felt that way from the beginning and I gave it a chance.
Lauren Anderson: But you know i i my feeling to not changed about this. I'm reaching out to you have not filed a complaint or sought advice or anything else were from the clinic or anything. I'm telling you, personally, again, but it's been plaguing my mind and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: The answer, you've given me as know you've said when you've now asked twice right here. I've asked permission to explain the psychological benefits.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your working me
Lauren Anderson: I'm asking you. Yes. Why, why affords me the corner to work with you. Yeah, I would like to want to work with me.
Lauren Anderson: Nine different
Lauren Anderson: ology but it's the same thing. You're insisting from your you
Lauren Anderson: Know your
Gwenevere Abriel: First time first time. No, you don't want to hear it.
Lauren Anderson: I do want to hear it. I just made an offer. I do want to hear why I'm in a different context. Why you're insisting on keeping me with you as my therapist, but I do want to hear why you think you can help me specifically why need to stay with you, please.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna, I'm going to get a chance you're going to take care of yourself, even if you have to stand up and I already told you, go for it even, even if you need to walk around and hold your dog. I absolutely want you to take care of yourself. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: All right, I'm here. Okay, I'm not like
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. I want you to walk around. I want you to self sooth
Lauren Anderson: All right, listen.
Lauren Anderson: I wanted to run
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: We do have to at least two perspectives.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't help it, because I'm a therapist right to say I acknowledge you feel cornered so i i can't ignore that. That's the experience so
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I want to talk about is my intention. Now, the effect is you feel cornered, but my intention. I still haven't quite been good enough at communicating it. So I'm going to go for it and see how I do
Gwenevere Abriel: I listened to you describe the dynamic with you and your stepmother and the way it sounded was traumatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I thought, I wonder if those and I'm, I'm just going to share my perspective. Remember, I'm not perfect. I don't have a perfect memory, but it is it is my recollection
Gwenevere Abriel: So I remember thinking,
Gwenevere Abriel: Those dynamics and it's called transference and psychology, where I may become that stepmother and it could very well be a useful place for you to work through anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorrow disappointment in a safe environment. Now, that's my intent. This whole time I'm thinking, this might happen transference sometimes is an amazing therapeutic event that happens. And I hope I can give that to Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: I say to you, as I said before, I won't take it personally when you're angry with me when I say things that make you angry meaning transference is likely to happen.
Lauren Anderson: By me. I agree with you. It's got to be transferred
Gwenevere Abriel: not not not got well as
Lauren Anderson: A dynamic between you, it must be
Lauren Anderson: Playing out in order
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. Some people don't like me sometimes. No, no, it's not.
Lauren Anderson: Like that, like the way
Lauren Anderson: You think it's the main thing. And there's a lot of things since then because of that dynamic that have happened that are much more traumatic that I there's no way I'm going to even go there.
Lauren Anderson: And that's what I really need to work through. I need to talk to somebody about it the greed of all of it, and I am not willing to go. I'm not selling anything more. I told you the first the initial, you know, but you know they were followed, like I said, a lot of other teams and it's
Lauren Anderson: And, you know, I've been relations with my step mom I really have forgiven her and I am okay with her at heart. I'm
Lauren Anderson: You know, it's not the things I'm going to talk for work or that I need to talk and work through necessarily. I understand it's part of it. That's why I have mentioned it, and told me about it.
Lauren Anderson: But I got you hone in and focus so much just on that is really missing the point missing the mark. Yeah, I just don't feel like you're hearing me. I just don't think it was working. I still in the beginning, it's just work, you're not hearing
Lauren Anderson: It sounds like I'm not hear what you're saying either. So what can we just make it neutral know and leave on benevolent terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't feel heard about the relationships with boyfriends. You don't feel heard about those pieces.
Lauren Anderson: I've not shared any of that information, you kind of hone in on this all day and then after our issue I'm there.
Lauren Anderson: You're not gonna get any more for me. I'm not sure anymore and that's absolutely what I really want me to do. I can't do it with my family were horrifying stuff, you know, we're friends. I don't remember. I need a therapist to work specifically through a lot of things that have happened.
Lauren Anderson: Which, you know, couldn't even fathom right now, just know that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would agree and I would agree that there does need to be trust and fact in order for for therapy to work there does need to be
Gwenevere Abriel: So the part that you and I and yes I will, I will move forward. But I'm going to tell you. And this is this is part of what's going in the record, I believe, clinically
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're being able to still get what you need in here would plenty clinically benefit you and I want to work with you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely want to even if you decide, and I already heard you. You've already decided we're going to transfer you so we're going to do that. You get what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want you to know that I want to work with you that I think clinically that I'm the best person because I could hold all that anger, and I don't think a lot of people. Can I can sit with it and and I
Gwenevere Abriel: I want it, but I'm gonna, I'm going to go with this second tier piece which is you want you want to work with someone else. I will bring it forward and we'll see if we can get you working with someone else here and bright heart and maybe that's all. It'll take and but for the record.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to work with you and I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not worrying about well, since this might be our last time, let me let me, let me just make sure that there's no misinformation that goes in.
Lauren Anderson: And ask you some for me do that wrap up to something hypothetical. I know your intentions are good with me and you want. And I know that you can help me. I do agree with that. I do agree. I just
Lauren Anderson: As far as the detailed stuff. Like I said, I do feel that way. What if hypothetically, would it be a
Lauren Anderson: unethical or improper to continue meeting with you for that dynamic of me with a woman trying. You know what I mean.
Lauren Anderson: The transfers, because it does happen. I know what you're talking about. I have with you, but it does happen with people with me right away, gets the Vicki syndrome thing happening so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just share one more, one more piece. I'll see if I can answer your question for you, you mentioned something pretty important, which was, I have a style which is all say
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm hearing from you. And so I heard it was interesting. It almost sounded like it hurt you, like, like as if this is not something I say this is a style. I use with everyone. And I think it may have offended you, and push you away.
Lauren Anderson: Call us that what I'm hearing you is
Lauren Anderson: Completely not hearing me and that's the irony of it is, it's really missing the mark. Pretty much every time. Um, and it's not that it's not
Lauren Anderson: Valid at all like, you know, but it's missing the mark the main point of what I'm, what I'm trying to get across. And that's in a nutshell. In general, the
Lauren Anderson: I see. And then I think you mentioned a few weeks ago how I read somewhere was it's a questionnaire with the lady and I, no matter, my reactions are some of them I would certainly be, you know,
Lauren Anderson: So so sad about
Lauren Anderson: Put the whole jacket. She kept like this deadpan face no reaction. And it really I think it helped me not lose it in a way
Lauren Anderson: And I'm like, I haven't. Fortunately, seeing on at least three occasions.
Lauren Anderson: Visibly it looks like you're super irritated with me. I'll tell the point of like anger like super frustration with a I know it's my diapers.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay.
Lauren Anderson: And it frustrates me to but but as a therapist. I think it's, um, I can be a dangerous territory. I really need a safe place where no matter what I'm bringing to the table is not having at least a visible or or oral oral like
Lauren Anderson: On my therapist, you know, you really, really need it to be completely feel me and be completely objective.
Lauren Anderson: So how many
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I, can I talk
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're if I'm going to transfer you and I don't have a lot a lot of options that we do have more therapists now than ever, so that's exciting. If I were to say what Lauren is looking for some it's something I just heard was, I heard you liked a deadpan face it helped you.
Lauren Anderson: Out. Well, not again. That's a, that's a description of her in particular, but in general the idea of
Lauren Anderson: being affected by letting themselves be affected by my behavior. What I'm saying that can really stay objective. That's the object object.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay not affected by my behavior maintain objectivity. Yeah, got it. You're
Lauren Anderson: Having my presence appear to be affected by what I'm
Lauren Anderson: Saying, you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, neither by voice, nor by aspect, which is the face.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Lauren Anderson: You know, you can either subjectivity. Like there's still, you know, of course observations can be made of, you know, I've seen you get very, you know, offensive. Now, or, you know, violent towards saying like those observations. One thing, but the actual like reacting emotionally reacting to it.
Lauren Anderson: Work. It is, yeah. I don't know.
Lauren Anderson: It seems out of place in this
Lauren Anderson: Context.
Lauren Anderson: Therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so it didn't fit that I would look irritated and he said offended or something else.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, just seemed like you were, you were reacting to things.
Lauren Anderson: And show you could see it on on on the camera, you know, your frustration with it, which I get I'm
Lauren Anderson: You know, I feel pretty irritated with myself like know to talk and talk and talk, but it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but it does it hurt your feelings to actually see it on my face, though, to see that to hear it is just put me over the edge right like too much.
Lauren Anderson: It doesn't hurt my feelings. I just, I don't. I think it's unprofessional. It's not the place for that relationship interpersonal dynamic to be happening.
Lauren Anderson: I mean, unless we're coming into it. Okay, today we're I want to try something different, a processing where we're going to put you in that place. That's one thing. But in general, you know, role playing, or something. But in general, yeah. The objectivity. I think
Lauren Anderson: Is I don't know. I thought it was the norm kind of thing for from therapist for therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been able to to benefit from from some professionals that were able to maintain objectivity like that gal that did. Probably the wrap up, wrap or personality kind of questionnaire. I'm thinking
Lauren Anderson: Yeah yeah there's kind of a psycho social history questionnaire.
Lauren Anderson: From when I was applying for Section eight housing. Several years ago I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't here for some reason I thought it was it was a woman that was here. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I was. I don't know, maybe in 2014
Lauren Anderson: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will do that and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a, it's a pretty rare thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will do it there. There's going to be sort of what's a handoff or I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say this is a client who's looking for someone who can sort of maintain this objectivity when she's feeling something strongly or whatever, but just really make sure that you don't show it like if you have
Lauren Anderson: Not being affected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't be
Lauren Anderson: See, or in some in any way of by my behavior or, you know, things I'm describing. Yeah. In order for me to feel safe to continue to open up. And also, so I don't
Lauren Anderson: Sometimes even I mean positive things empathy and you know it. Can I don't know. I mean, it's a positive thing. But in as if I'm trying to get something bigger out it can
Lauren Anderson: Really send me downward spiraling pretty quickly. You know, because it's a but the as opposed to the objectivity, where
Lauren Anderson: If they're not having emotional response. I'm able to more easily pass over that and continue. I'm like a good example.
Lauren Anderson: Like I said, I really think that definitely if I could have you as a therapist. Also, I do agree. You could, I could really benefit from it but i would i wouldn't need another one also.
Lauren Anderson: But when we do that meditation thing and you're talking to me and I'm breathing.
Lauren Anderson: And I remember that.
Lauren Anderson: I've been frustrated or something and I cried during the meditation thing.
Lauren Anderson: And you know you were just calling me. Let it happen. And we breathe to continue with that and I came out of it that that's a really fine example of
Lauren Anderson: You know, going with the flow, but not recognizing the emotion. Now that it's there and authentic and respecting that which I really appreciate it. But at the same time not
Lauren Anderson: I don't know, like you were personally getting emotional at in in that example, you know, and that was I think partly how I was able to work through that without
Lauren Anderson: Going more and more and more, which is my
Lauren Anderson: Mo. Yeah.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Also hearing that it's also the face of empathy to like even when you are sad my, you know, the face of this therapist needs to just stay objective just
Gwenevere Abriel: None of that. Well, we would call like mirror neurons which typically people benefit from but that's that's almost an inhibitor for you kind of cuts you off from being able to get deeper into something you're working through gets in the way.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, it's
Lauren Anderson: I think it's a separate thing that has to be worked through it. I may have always been very emotional. But yeah, I'm trying to get through an actual story or something. Something that's really
Lauren Anderson: You know,
Lauren Anderson: Close and dear to me and and sore, you know, I'm I know it's like I, you know, it's, it should continue with that intent through
Lauren Anderson: Far as working with the other thing, though. That's, that's a great example to why I think I could benefit from you as a therapist as well done working with these guided meditations.
Lauren Anderson: The positive affirmations.
Lauren Anderson: The breathing. I mean, I know it seems simple everyone breeds here. We can all relax and close our eyes and
Lauren Anderson: It just, I think it's because it puts it more on my conscious mind that throughout that week, I'm doing that.
Lauren Anderson: You know, it's more likely to remember to do the work and everything. And so I don't know I'm, I mean, I feel that you want another counselor, but I gotta tell you, I mean that's why going to leave anything but benevolent terms because I agree with you could help me and I I'm sad I
Lauren Anderson: Would like it both ways to get help you
Gwenevere Abriel: Were on good terms learning. We're on good terms. So right now I'm listening. And I'm thinking also of the of the gals that I know that work here. And one thing you mentioned that you do like right you do like the meditation part and I'm thinking about a woman who
Gwenevere Abriel: The time zone. I think she's she might be in Hawaii, so I don't know about your schedule, but does a lot of mindfulness practice. And I'm wondering if that might be a good fit.
Lauren Anderson: Huh. Do you do. Can you tell me a little more about her.
Lauren Anderson: I'm like her the theories that she like you know her approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I i wish i knew her better. I've never met her in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've talked with her a couple times she has a
Gwenevere Abriel: A slow. I mean, I only know like listening. I don't know her psychological philosophy about stuff. But I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I've received clients that were let's say in her group or had maybe come from, from her and had made their way over to me. And so I can only think of
Gwenevere Abriel: Like how she sounds. She has you know how I can talk SUPER FAST SOMETIMES her pace is is like this. Nice, nice, slow beat you know it's over them.
Lauren Anderson: A roll call, no matter
Lauren Anderson: No matter what's going on.
Lauren Anderson: Right now, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I and I hear that in what you're saying. The only part is I don't, I don't know that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she's not my therapist, and I've never co facilitated. We didn't go to school together. I only know her, because she and I kind of came on to bright heart health, about the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was a lot of unsettled Ness with the program at that point. And so we were chatting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm thinking about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's some new people that I've never met. So what I'm thinking is, I'm a talk with this gal.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sort of oversees the clinical piece of this program and I'm going to talk with her, and I'm going to say that learn would like someone who can really maintain their objectivity, no matter what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And, and I think that's going to help Lauren feel safe, so that she can open up Yannick and let's see what what halina comes up with I'll talk with Selena. So typically what I do when this kind of discussion happens and it's happened before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I normally I would have her join us.
Lauren Anderson: The clinical lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Normally I would have had her come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and talk with us, but it didn't happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll talk with her and see what she says.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hey, you
Lauren Anderson: What would you think of meeting, like, one more time. Like you talk to them and we get together and meet another time, do some more breathing and stuff like what time is it
Lauren Anderson: over halfway half hour almost
Gwenevere Abriel: So if so there's almost like a there's pieces of the what we do. That works. But then there's other pieces that just just simply get in the way.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, like I'm I'm pretty sad like
Lauren Anderson: Like I really you know how much I appreciate that it's unexpected. I wasn't expected after a couple weeks ago, I really appreciate that you're willing to do it.
Lauren Anderson: I was really scared you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Lauren Anderson: Thank you.
Lauren Anderson: Oh really, but like, you know, and now that we like. I think you were like really everything. I mean, uh, it's now. Like, I feel more free to
Lauren Anderson: Talk about the more positive things that I like because I you know I think that was partly when I brought it up. It wasn't such a, a moment of drama already dead. I basically started be like halfway half an hour late therapy, but I've
Lauren Anderson: So in the context of is extra bad but uh I really I think part of what was bugging me about it. What along with all like feeling that we're kind of not getting each other a totally linear
Lauren Anderson: Was like, you gotta remind you what train of thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're trying to say when you said no to me. You said no I can't have another therapist. I think that might be what you're thinking is that much.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, well yeah and then leaving on those terms or how that played out and everything. I really, I didn't like
Lauren Anderson: Now that like you. You're that you've opened up and say, Okay, look, I'm willing to do this. I'm so grateful. Thank you so much. But, uh, now, now you've done that I'm seeing that a part of what's been bugging me about it, the worry is not only addressing it and getting another therapist but
Lauren Anderson: If, if, if I didn't bring it up with you. This is why I've put off talking to bright the receptionist or something if I didn't do it with you and I went the other route to get around you because I because I felt like I couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Express it to you.
Lauren Anderson: I think we would have left on such terrible terms and that really wasn't my intention or really again would have missed the point, cuz I I really respect you and I liked I've enjoyed so much about our therapy session. So I'm really glad by you. Thank you so much for just
Lauren Anderson: A. I don't know why I think we've
Lauren Anderson: That positive relations. Now, that it was easier for it to happen. Everything I'm so grateful. Thank you. But if, if this is maybe more able to
Lauren Anderson: I know I'm just happy. I didn't wanna leave on bad terms with you and but it's made me see to that I'm I'll be sad to leave you all together because I agree with you that I can benefit and probably in ways that I will be able to benefit from other therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a real possibility but
Lauren Anderson: That's like two
Lauren Anderson: Different things. I mean, kind of like if I get an art therapist to I'd love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know and that's. Isn't that the way life is sometimes right we want we want the oil part of the oil and vinegar and and we get the wrong thing on the day that we really need the other and it hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's awful.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: I am. I'm just sorry that I failed you, when you needed it most. I'm really sorry.
Lauren Anderson: It's, it's not you, it's all right. It's I forgive you. I'm sorry to for
Lauren Anderson: The drama that you know
Lauren Anderson: Has been created. I created and I'm really sorry. And if it doesn't work out, I'm kind of feeling like a
Lauren Anderson: I do want to meet again next week, though. Like if would you talk to the overseers kind of like
Lauren Anderson: We're playing with the idea around with the idea I have her look into it and we can come back maybe work a little more talk about our stuff do some meditation and then you can let me know. Maybe a little more details about some of the other therapists who buy lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I like that idea. I like that one. That's a good one. Let me just think, What if we did
Gwenevere Abriel: Had halina join us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might off offload a little bit of attention. So, for example, here's what you could do if you wanted to both what you said. And if halina joined us.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you could do is you could talk directly to halina I'd be here and I can come off the screen whatever you're comfortable with. But I would want to be there.
Lauren Anderson: Like outside. She's a neutral kind of no sense. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's very
Gwenevere Abriel: She's very good at. She's not gonna gang up there will be no ganging up thing that that won't be there. Okay. All she wants for you to get the best service that you can get. So I know her intentions are good and
Gwenevere Abriel: If she were here, then you could say Polina
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I don't like about working with when I don't like this and this and this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to feel safe, who, who do you have in this organization that maybe I can be transferred to where I can have this safe feeling and I can work through these issues and she'll think
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she actually knows everybody, and I don't because I'm over here in Florida, and she I think participates more in, you know, bringing people on kind of recruiting and things like that. So she's going to know more, the clinicians than I do.
Lauren Anderson: Do you think I'm
Lauren Anderson: A YOU YOU DO WANT TO ASK HER ahead of time so she cannot think over before we meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. I'll do that. And what I'll do is I'll start a conversation with her and I'll kind of message you and say when might be a time that we can meet again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And process this and see and see what she says. And I can kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: If she writes back. Oh, great, so and so has an opening and that sounds like a great fit. Then I'll pass that information along and maybe you'll say, well, let's just go for it. I don't know what you'll say, but I'll keep you as I learned more information. I'll pass it along to you.
Okay.
Lauren Anderson: Well, do you guys have a policy, you have to go with the same sex for counselors, is that a policy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or no, it's not actually I. That's what I'm saying. I don't know, maybe there are male counselors.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't actually know.
Lauren Anderson: Male, female counselors, it doesn't necessarily matter but
Lauren Anderson: Okay, I just wouldn't want to just glued them.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, there's no there's no policy around that that work that thing exists in in fellowship for sponsors. They do that just to protect just so that there's no exploitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. But, but that's not in not in therapy. Now you can have an opposite sex clinician. Do you have a preference. Do you want me to mention something specific.
Lauren Anderson: No, I guess I like ideally
Lauren Anderson: I on the brain, heart health site there would be like these little short video like BIOS that each therapist did little you know
Lauren Anderson: Whatever, just to not even really getting into necessarily. I don't know, maybe their methods or whatever. But I don't know what times you can just get a feel from that. But I don't know it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a great idea.
Lauren Anderson: I'll always true, though a lot of times my female first
Lauren Anderson: first reaction or what's the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Impression for surprise.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah. Especially like a long trend is that the women that I've ended up being really great friends with
Lauren Anderson: It's just a couple of them general don't have women friends.
Lauren Anderson: But the ones that I've really bonded with and how strong like one of the best friends have ever had. We were not friends in the beginning hated each other.
Lauren Anderson: And in the I'm thinking of to specific cases. Okay. We did not like each other to begin with and then somehow it's like an overnight thing happened after a
Lauren Anderson: Couple months or whatever. And suddenly we realized that we thought the other person with awesome and then we're like inseparable. But yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes the first impression is spot on, and other times, if you stay open enough, right, you can actually be surprised the end up like in person.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, so like the video thing. Like I said it'd be nice but in the end it's it's hard to say for sure. You know, it's good examples like you know the all the crazy
Lauren Anderson: Criminals out there on so many that look normal. And like the person next door, kind of thing. So it's a
Lauren Anderson: It's, it's not just me. It's pretty common that, you know, people don't necessarily look you know and exude the personality that
Lauren Anderson: Really fits them. So I tried to not let the first impression affect me too much, knowing that if especially about myself. So that's
Lauren Anderson: actually why I continue with you. At first I immediately was like, oh, but I know that, especially with women. I tend to have that dynamic if I'm like at the beginning.
Lauren Anderson: I knew I needed to give you the benefit of the doubt and the chance. And I'm not saying you prove me right with my, like, that's really beginning in the exact opposite. Like, I like your lot. I feel like a friend. You know, I like a lot, but, um, but that's a good example, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just as part of the processing, since we have this chance before the transfer happens I just I want to reiterate that if I if my hypothesis if I'm on to something.
Gwenevere Abriel: If my hypothesis, because we all have to have one, we have to sort of be treating our, our clients based on something. Right. What is, what are we treating if I am on to something. And if it turns out when you're working with someone else. Um, if the same things come up
Lauren Anderson: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I invite you, not to give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: take it one step further and if you see in this clinician that they have the strength to stay objective.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to say directly to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be the piece that you and I just couldn't be just couldn't quite do it when we get real close and then we don't quite we're not quite able to do it. But if you do, if you notice it again where you kind of want to change. Change therapist. Again, let's say it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang on, because you never know when that miracle is going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your experience of not liking someone of feeling nervous, anxious, afraid angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those emotions are just as valuable as inspired excited playful and I hope that therapist can create safety so that you can actually say it because sometimes it's literally the therapeutic relationship that can be the healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, okay, you
Lauren Anderson: Know, just as a qualifier something i i do have that history with that. But as far as what therapists. I mean, I've had a lot of different therapists, it's not. But having that what what we what we had. It's, it's, I've not had that before with therapists, I
Lauren Anderson: Actually, there's one exception, but it wasn't you're coming from a place of benevolence. It's more just a maybe a interpersonal disconnect, but no.
Lauren Anderson: negative feelings or intentions. I know that. But when I first started with therapy my step mom, you know, you're crazy. You're the one that needs help.
Lauren Anderson: That's how I started down the middle of health road was because of her everything was my fault. So I almost part of me thinks you know this whole idea that I even mentally ill has just been, you know, given to me this label and
Lauren Anderson: But the first thing to me the three different therapists. The first two
Lauren Anderson: very perceptive very
Lauren Anderson: Without that they really saw what was going on and they told my dad and my step mom and they were pissed about it. So the first one happened. Second one happen, like you say our personal trying to confront them in a group therapy family session.
Lauren Anderson: I did not like it. They were both really pissed. Well, the third one. I don't know if my dad paid him off or
Lauren Anderson: I really don't know. But he was obviously if it's obviously
Lauren Anderson: He was not for the most extreme example. And maybe that's why I'm a little paranoid about and having the trust issue when at one moment, I felt like you're using personal information to corner me was because of that experience back when I was 12 years old.
Lauren Anderson: But he was obviously on my dad's side like no matter what he'd gone in there. It was not objective at all. I was basically in there to be re educated told what is
Lauren Anderson: Which is kind of what happened with my friend. Recently, the one I was saying I was grieving over because our worldviews now suddenly I'm realizing her so he's totally not with who I thought he was. But, uh,
Lauren Anderson: Yeah.
Lauren Anderson: I don't even know what
Lauren Anderson: That was
Gwenevere Abriel: But Lauren
Gwenevere Abriel: That is re trauma, so that, again, there it is. The therapist who is supposed to keep you safe. That's supposed to be helping you feel better about yourself.
Lauren Anderson: You end up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're blamed so it isn't just a step mom. It's almost like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: keeps happening over and over
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I've had. It's not a domino effect of my life. I mean, that's a that was towards the beginning they got married right before I turned 12 so that example. I mean, I went there for a couple years to him so awful.
Lauren Anderson: But yeah, that's a, that's a small example of it. But yeah, he was obviously on my dad's side was not objective.
Lauren Anderson: Just when I got went in there to be re educated, he was telling me what was. That's what I was saying about my friend. He had. That's what I felt like he was doing when he called me. He basically was telling me what was setting me straight
Lauren Anderson: You know,
Lauren Anderson: Dude, you must be crazy. Listen, this is what's really happening in the world, you know, listen to me. You've been you've been told, you know, whatever.
Lauren Anderson: But I guess I didn't really relate it to that. Then, but it's kind of a it had a similar feeling to it like being told what to believe. Basically, I guess the
Lauren Anderson: Anyways, I didn't get that from you, but I think it might the trust thing is I know is rooted the origin.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, is there. Yeah, one little thing. And I'm like, Okay, sorry. Yeah, it's, it's hard for me to be willing to trust again because it's it's bit me in the ass before
Lauren Anderson: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: A
Lauren Anderson: Lot of a lot of trauma home drama happened because of personal things that Dr. Heard shared with my parents.
Lauren Anderson: So anyways,
Gwenevere Abriel: They can exist at the same time that nightmare of mistrust and betrayal that happened, and both kind of the damage that that did and also longing right to reach the authentic to try and heal to want this other thing. And right our culture says therapy can offer that
Lauren Anderson: Now you got me there because I'm crazy and something's wrong with me but she'd never be willing to admit that she needs therapy and I think everybody in the world could use some therapy would grow from it.
Lauren Anderson: So just her doing that. But the irony is, I as a my soul, if you want to call it my psyche as as so much as matured so much more than I think my father's on my step moms ever will just by the
Lauren Anderson: mere fact that they are not willing to, I mean, they know there's nothing wrong with them. They're, they're both super vain very vain people so anyways. Okay, they're the ones that showed me the road to recover from the things that, you know, they started in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: A cause
Lauren Anderson: So, but, you know, to turn events. A lot of the obsessive things I've had pre date Vicki by several years.
Lauren Anderson: And i a
Gwenevere Abriel: Docking then. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're coming to the end of this session. So just take them on and get a sense of not what you think would be the right way to end today. But the way that you would like how you want to end today this session, possibly this therapeutic relationship. How do you want to end today.
Lauren Anderson: I, I just want to say right now be clear, I, I'm not completely 100% about it. I would like to keep it as a we went to think about it. Reviewer options and make an appointment with you again for next week. Okay, so
Lauren Anderson: But I'm glad I told you, and open up about it but
Lauren Anderson: I'm going to try respect the pain in their thing also. Okay, is that all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if there's a. Do you want me to see if we can have another set of eyes if Atlanta happens to be free. And then you could see how you feel. Then if you spend this whole week worrying and worrying will Gwen eventually cut me down, but she eventually
Gwenevere Abriel: Call
Gwenevere Abriel: You crazy. Well, she
Lauren Anderson: Prayed if I tried to really fight you on the winning another counselor that I would be kicked out of the planet. That was my real fear somehow
Lauren Anderson: I would you know because the trust thing was gone. So I really didn't know what to think I was, I was very fearful. I was worried about it.
Lauren Anderson: But now that we've opened up about it. I know I'm not going to be plagued by that just next week. I'm really glad we're talking. We've talked about it so
Lauren Anderson: Um, I don't know. I think we should plan on that are coming, maybe a asked her to look into other therapists. Think about it. Tell her
Lauren Anderson: The situation and maybe she can join us and describe some of this episode. And then you and I can sit on it and talk about it that day, maybe even the following week, think about it. And what we both think might be best route.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Lauren Anderson: As tentative hypothetical. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do that. I can do the part was talking with Elena
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can say heads up. I have a client who we have processed dynamics between she and I have explained what I believe is transference going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know all her stories. I don't know the whole story is right, because we have Rob shirt trust and without trust. We really can't move forward and
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a way that you could join us maybe and maybe Lauren could hear about other therapists and see if there's a better fit, where she can continue her work that she started with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've got to just kind of go with that course because
Gwenevere Abriel: You can change. You can change your mind, anytime you want to. Obviously,
Lauren Anderson: So it's okay. I'm a little undecided right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go.
Lauren Anderson: Out for next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: The quote this direction we're going is what we're going to do is we're going to have a later join us. We can continue processing it because
Gwenevere Abriel: This is i right if my hypothesis is true. It's a pretty important one. And so making sure that everyone is pulling together to make sure you're getting your needs met.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think 14 piece of this, so you don't feel that sense of cornered like you don't have options. You feeling like indeed you have all the options.
Lauren Anderson: I already feel much better just you do the green to it, accepting that and being willing to move forward with that respect that is is made all the difference. So that's why, that's why I want to sit on it. And, you know, think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do that. I'll go this direction and my invitation.
Lauren Anderson: To some repair some of the trust last
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so since we will be meeting at least one more time. We'll schedule a time and then I'm going to invite you to think about when
Gwenevere Abriel: You start to think about. Oh dear, what are the thoughts are. Oh, dear. I'm going to see, I'm going to see Glenn, right. Oh no. When those come
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and see what the actual fear is just go inside and find out is it. She'll eventually do this. She'll eventually abandoned me. She'll eventually push me away. Eventually, she's going to criticize me. Eventually I just know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just know it. That's the fear or she's judging me or something, just see if you can identify what one step beyond the What If. Oh, I don't want to go to group. I don't want to see her. I don't want to hear her. I don't want to be aware of her even right. Maybe it's that and then
Gwenevere Abriel: What might happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the worst thing that might happen if Gwen is there in group. What does she's there. I might notice how she's feeling how she's responding to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be very useful for you. And then right then you can have that piece that really important nugget. And then when you if you do decide to move forward with someone else, you can take that and you can say yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got this. I picked up on it. I saw it happen, and now I'm not much further along. And then this next therapist can take that piece and kind of kind of work through
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I kind of, okay, alright, cool. Now, what are you thinking for next week.
Lauren Anderson: Um, well, I guess it's a if you have this time open. That's great. I'd rather keep the same time, but I know might have to change because that lady or I can meet you guys. Another time, but she needs to
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she's in California. I put I already have. You are started protecting that time for you once you told me you like to 11 so the 2011 o'clock is open, but it's three hours earlier in California.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will have to find out, but she might be, let me find out. Maybe that's perfect. It's like nine o'clock. I mean, usually we get going. So let me reach out to her and see if she's free. Okay.
Lauren Anderson: That sounds good.
Lauren Anderson: Are you good work is scheduled for the 26 so
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless I hear
Lauren Anderson: From you. Yeah. I have two questions. One, I keep meaning to ask you, and I don't. Okay, so, so I went to medical detox at turquoise large hospital here in town before. That's how I started this, I
Lauren Anderson: Mean therefore got started on the 70 texts and
Lauren Anderson: You know, very sick for about the first 100 hours. Anyways, I got out there and I started with you guys about two weeks later, when my two weeks prescription right anyways.
Lauren Anderson: They and they said how they like people to go back after 30 days to talk about how they're doing villa de with coven
Lauren Anderson: I, they probably don't want me to come in person, but I was going to try to arrange them some kind of video chat, just to talk with the people that are currently in there.
Lauren Anderson: But I was wondering if it would be okay to promote you guys because you guys were like you guys saved my life. But I wasn't sure if you guys are totally filled up or if you love new clients or what
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm not taking any right now, but I know I can see you know case loads of people, some of them are a little lower. And, and I say yes. Are you kidding me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love that. Go for it. I know I'm yes, go for it. Cool.
Lauren Anderson: Will do.
Lauren Anderson: Um,
Lauren Anderson: And there was one of the, oh yeah so I was like so late for troop yesterday I was too late. I did get the prescription for two weeks, which also, by the way, when I first saw that coupon for two weeks. I thought
Lauren Anderson: Like me missing being so late to group that was like my. That was the process. My mind went through when I saw the two weeks script. After I tried to get in group and my didn't work. Like it was too late. I thought
Lauren Anderson: Because that's what they gave me when I left turquoise, I thought it was a two week script like to give me a pillow to find other
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello yesterday.
Lauren Anderson: It wasn't
Lauren Anderson: Holidays. So yeah, but, um, I'd like to go to a group is the one tomorrow still optional for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tomorrow's Wednesday.
Lauren Anderson: Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Saturday 11
Lauren Anderson: That's the one you said I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, probably.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably there's there's just this sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of gentleness to it that I, I think, go for it 11 o'clock on Thursday. If you want to
Lauren Anderson: What's the one what like tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow's Wednesday I don't run any of them on on on Wednesday, but you want to audit them since this is part of the discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go for it, and it
Lauren Anderson: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Running the fence. Right. That's where I
Lauren Anderson: Was the group tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't actually know. I would say, Hang up with me roll into virtual clinic and say, hey, I spoke with when I'd like to audit some other groups. I miss mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you could just, I just want to do a makeup group and we're all pretty used to doing that and say, hey, when are they on Wednesday, the woman. I was thinking of just so you know earlier, the one that sort of has all these sort of meditative mindfulness practices for name is Dominique
Lauren Anderson: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be something to just check out
Lauren Anderson: When you say audit. Does that mean if I wanted to, I could do like as many groups as I wanted a week and just audit all but one of them.
Lauren Anderson: So, I mean, wouldn't cost money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I can't, I cannot speak to that because I'm not this. I'm an independent contractor so
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't
Lauren Anderson: Is it University.
Lauren Anderson: Quite
Gwenevere Abriel: Poor yeah I can't quite speak for other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really
Lauren Anderson: You know, the policy for by heart health auditing like it is that the universities. I don't think you pay when the audit right because you're not getting credit
Gwenevere Abriel: I would go, I can't, I don't want to miss inform I just
Lauren Anderson: I'll ask them when I asked about the time tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, beautiful and bright, because your, your self pay so it definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, great questions. I don't want to come across dismissive. I do have to run a group that started two minutes ago. So I do need to go.
Lauren Anderson: Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you I get to see you for sure.
Next, next Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope you check out other groups.
Lauren Anderson: Yeah, I'm definitely a go at least one that I like miss my weekly group. So I'll probably see you Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, because
Lauren Anderson: We don't have group Monday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: She I'm going to run. I haven't heard from Dr. Solomon. I'm going to run my nine o'clock group unless he tells me otherwise. But yeah, there's no one o'clock.
Lauren Anderson: Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Lauren Anderson: You say it's not Thursday. Bye bye.